Improved README and other files (#50)
asetalias/blog: INSTALLATION.md

# Hugo installation and Setup

## Windows (CLI Users)

> 1) Visit the link [Hugo Releases](https://github.com/gohugoio/hugo/releases) and download the latest release of hugo for Windows.(Hugo 0.53 at the time of writing this).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1) Visit the link [Hugo Releases](https://github.com/gohugoio/hugo/releases) and download the latest release of hugo for Windows.(Hugo 0.55.6 at the time of writing this).
```
Might as well

Author: Will remove that, why keep things that are dynamic and out of our control..

3) Create a directory named Hugo where you want your program to be installed.
4) Create a subdirectory bin and extract the contents of the downloaded file in that.
5) For CLI users, navigate to the location of your `hugo.exe` file, then add hugo.exe to PATH using the command 
```
set PATH=%PATH%...\Hugo\bin
``` 

> where ... is the path to the Hugo directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**where ... is the path to the Hugo directory.**
```
Someone's going to mess that up

Author: Well, then you can proudly say RTFM to all of them. :heart:
